# Product Requirement Document (PRD)
|   |   |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Target release | 1.0 |
| Document Status | DRAFT |
| Document owner | Nikki Wood
| Designer/Developer | Nikki Wood | 
| Synesthesia Subject | Meredith Turner |

---

## Goals
- Create and train an AI using the sound-to-color synesthetic responses of one young adult woman.
- Train the AI on 3 parameters in order of importance: Color, Texture, and Luminosity.
- Given an audio input (song snippet), the application will return a prediction for what our subject's synesthetic response might be. 
- Provide a better understanding of how well artificial intelligence can replicate the patterns created within a synesthete's mind.

## Background and strategic fit

Chromesthesia, also known as sound-to-color synesthesia, is a rare and fascinating phenomenon in which an individual perceives non-visual stimulus visually.

Because it is so rare, those of us without chromesthesia may find ourselves wondering what someone who experiences these visuals might be like. 

- If successful, this AI will give those who do not have chromesthesia a taste of what it might be like to have these experiences. It may also be able to amplify our subject's understanding of the correlation between her visual responses and the different genres, tempos, or timbre (sound/tone quality) in music.

- If unsuccessful, the inability of this AI to replicate the mind's chromesthetic connections will support how complex the brain actually is. It may be possible that AI is not quite advanced to replicate these sort of responses, or the amount of data to successfully do so is too high for the scope of this project.

### Assumptions

- Because synesthetic responses are so unique and diverse, this AI will not be replicating what the subject sees perfectly. Assuming the AI chooses a color/texture that is close, given it's limited options, it will be marked as a success. 
>For example: AI description is a "woody red with no luminosity", and the subject response is maroon or burgundy.
- Assuming the subject sees a scene or palette of colors for a song, if the AI's prediction occurs in that scene or palette (as a prominent color), it will be marked as a success. 
## Requirements
### User stories
> Given that the AI is successfully trained with acceptable accuracy

| # | User Story Title | User Story Description | Priority | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Show Prediction | As a user, I want to see know the Color, Luminosity, and Texture of the predicted synesthetic response | MUST HAVE |  Ideally would get a response for all 3 values, but COLOR is most important. |
| 2 | Visual Prediction | As a user, I want to see a visual representation of what the AI has predicted | HIGH | (Secondary Goal) , then show an image of the color, then add texture, then luminosity.|
| 3 | Select a Song | As a user, I want to select a song to view the synesthetic response for | HIGH | Select from a pre-determined list of songs. |
| 4 | Upload a song | As a user, I want to be able to upload my own song sample to see the AI's prediction | LOW | May need a cap for how long the sample can be. | 
| 5 | Sort by Color | As a user, I would like to sort the database of trained songs, so that I can look for similarities in the songs. | VERY LOW | Likely sort by color, then texture. |

## Questions
Below is a list of questions to be addressed as a results of this requirement document:

| Question | Outcome | 
| --- | --- |
| What if the AI does not accurately portray the results of the subject? | If the AI does not meet the accuracy goal, the application to visualize the AI's predictions will not be made (as it would be predicting incorrectly). Instead, time will be put into researching reasons the accuracy goal was not met. | 

## What we're not doing
- Training an AI to replicate *all* sound-to-color responses of our subject. This project will only focus on musical responses.
- Replicating everybody's synesthetic responses. No two people with Synesthesia are the same; this project is only focusing on the responses of one individual.
