Documentation/9. Project Evaluation.md, before:

# Project Evaluation

## Background
Chromesthesia, also known as sound-to-color synesthesia, is a rare phenomenon in which an indivudal perceives non-visual stimulus visually. For example, they  may hear a song and see a specific color; they may observe someone's personality as specific scenery in their head; or they may recount their emotions visually, such as excitement being described as an electric blue.

## Project Description

Because synesthesia is not identical for every person, the goal of this project is to create an AI to learn and replicate the synesthetic responses of one young adult woman. 
This AI will be trained for three categories (luminosity, color, and texture). After being trained, the user should be able to input a 30 second song sample; 
the AI will analyze the sample and output a prediction for the client's synesthetic response.

> **Luminosity** refers to the brightness of the color and quantity of light. Some colors may appear muted, while others are bright and vibrant. This value will simply be recorded as either *Yes* or *No*.

> **Color** will be broken into 11 options: *Red*, *Orange*, *Yellow*, *Green*, *Blue*, *Purple*, *Pink*, *Black*, *White*, *Gray*, and *Brown*. 

> **Texture** also supports the overall impression of a color. Texture categories will be *Sparkly*, *Spiky*, *Woody*, *Smoky*, *Smooth*, *Soft*, and *None*.

---

## Objective Reflections
### Primary

| # | Objective | Reflection | 
| - | --------- | ---------- |
| 1. | Reflect on the goal of finding the expected outcome for each category with 50% accuracy. | Completed. Color, Texture, and Luminosity models successfully met the primary 50% accuracy goal. Refer to [**Accuracy Reflection**](6.%20Accuracy%20Reflection.md). |
| 2. | Application compiles each expected outcome and returns the ‘correct answer’ as one response (command line) | Completed. Application pulls it's prediction for each category and outputs it as one response. </br> ![picture 1](../images/bc5b8cd1b52a9184c55215820c28591a6c96bc8676816918de4ce9f30f1b3161.png)  |
| 3. | Minimum of 12 hours of research (Neural nets, similar AI projects, python application with AI, etc.) | Completed. Time spent on Research(ML/DL) was **07:44:57**. Time spent on Research(Synesthesia) was **07:28:50**. Refer to [**Time Report**](8.%20Time%20Report.md). |
| 4. | Find at least 15 samples for each category. | Completed. At least 15 responses were recorded for each color, texture, and luminosity category for a total of 305 songs. Refer to [**Data and Responses** excel sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HJfHXcbVR-pNbT7ZG6pJSjnzLiJLgVJDMIFB4BtXrLc/edit?usp=sharing). |
| 5. | Reflect on the expansion of my knowledge and comprehension of AI, Deep Learning, and Neural Nets. | Completed. Refer to [**Reflection of Knowledge Expansion**](#reflect-on-the-expansion-of-my-knowledge-and-comprehension-of-ai-deep-learning-and-neural-nets) |
| 6. | Keep detailed documentation throughout the process. | Completed. Refer to the [**Software Requirements Specifications**](5.%20Software%20Requirements%20Specification%20(SRS).md) and other [Documentation](https://github.com/woodenikki/SynesthesIA/tree/main/Documentation). |

### Secondary
| # | Objective | Reflection | 
| - | --------- | ---------- |
| 1. | Reflect on the goal of finding the expected outcome for each category with 70% accuracy. | Color, Texture, and Luminosity models did not meet the secondary 70% accuracy goal. The closest was Luminosity, with 65.87%|
| 2. | GUI to choose a song & get display result (color) | I did not create a GUI to upload songs and display the resulting Color response |
| 3. | Synesthesia literary review | Complete. Refer to my [**Synesthesia Literary Review**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UWc7Ig1uaU3RLGmGximw67Pj6JJ1DHLD26NWGjQ-WpA/edit?usp=sharing). |

### Tertiary
| # | Objective | Reflection | 
| - | --------- | ---------- |
| 1. | Reflect on the goal of finding the expected outcome for each category with 90% accuracy. | Color, Texture, and Luminosity models did not meet the tertiary 90% accuracy goal. | 
| 2. | Analysis of results and how they can relate to Synesthesia | Complete. Refer to [**How do these Results Relate to Synesthesia?**](#how-do-these-results-relate-to-synesthesia)| 
| 3. | GUI displays resulting color with luminosity and texture. | I did not create a GUI to upload songs and display the resulting Color + Texture + Luminosity response. |
| 4. | Publication of results | Incomplete; I did not submit a paper for publication |

---

## Evaluate User Stories

| # | User Story Title | User Story Description | Status | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Show Prediction | As a user, I want to see know the Color, Luminosity, and Texture of the predicted synesthetic response | COMPLETE |  Response from the terminal in the form of a sentence: "Song is predicted to be Woody Orange with no luminosity." |
| 2 | Visual Prediction | As a user, I want to see a visual representation of what the AI has predicted | INCOMPLETE | (Secondary Goal) Did not generate an image.|
| 3 | Select a Song | As a user, I want to select a song to view the synesthetic response for | COMPLETE | User can determine synesthetic response by dragging the sample into the TESTING folder. |
| 4 | Upload a song | As a user, I want to be able to upload my own song sample to see the AI's prediction | COMPLETE | Has to be a 30 second sample. | 
| 5 | Sort by Color | As a user, I would like to sort the database of trained songs, so that I can look for similarities in the songs. | COMPLETE? | Trained songs can be sorted in excel to see the correlation between color, texture, genre, etc. |

---

## Customer satisfaction analysis

Based on my [client's feedback](7.%20Client%20Feedback%20Form.md), she was almost as excited with the results as I was. When I asked her about how she felt about how the AI did, she mentioned that even if it got a poor score on her test, she could logically see how and why the AI made the guesses it did. She also said that some of the test tracks were a little scratchy, which would facator into the AI's prediction. She also said that her own emotional response to the music (as well as her own likes and dislikes) contributed to her own visual, and this is something the AI couldn't do. 

The one thing she did note was that she would have liked to have a visual representation (an image, video, or gif) of what the AI predicted. This wasn't one of my primary goals, so it was put on the back burner after I had so many issues with the AI's accuracy. 

---

## Analysis of Algorithmic Complexity

The complexity of a multilayer perceptron (MLP) depends on the number of layers and the number of data input. The big-O time would be 
O(number_of_epochs * number_of_inputs * number_of_features * number_of_neurons). This has been approximated to be equal to O(2^n)


## Reflect on the Expansion of my Knowledge and Comprehension of AI, Deep Learning, and Neural Nets

Before working on this project, I had some basic understanding of AI. However, my understanding of machine learning, deep learning, and neural networks was pretty slim. I knew that if I wanted to accomplish the goal of this project, I would need to do quite a bit of research about what these three subjects were and how they are all connected. 

I didn't want to start coding without having a solid understanding of the tools I would be using. First, I learned that AI is the more broad topic of building agents to achieve a goal. Machine learning is a subset of AI, and deep learning is a subset of machine learning that uses deep neural networks. Next, I learned how to implement an artificial neuron from scratch in python.

I continued looking into the math behind neural networks-- specifically, how vector and matrix operations made them work. Then, I learned about the different layers of neural networks and the functions that they serve. Finally, I dug into how audio samples are analyzed and used in the scope of artificial intelligence. Understanding how audio data can be used in deep learning was integral to the success of my project, so I made sure to spend the time doing so. 

In order to prepare an audio file for deep learning, the MFCC (Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients) must be extracted. The MFCC captures textural and timbral aspects of sound (the feeling and quality of music you can decipher from using different instruments). Because of this, MFCCs allow artificial intelligence to imitate the human auditory system. First, a regular fourier transform breaks a complex sound wave into the sum of sine waves oscillating at different frequencies. A short time fourier transform (STFT) computes several fourier transforms at different time intervals. This means that an STFT can convert a sound wave into a spectogram (time + frequency + magnitude). A discrete cosine transform (DCT) is performed on the spectogram to give us the MFCC, which can be interpreted by the neural network for applications like speech recognition, music genre classification, instrument classification, and projects like this one.

![picture 1](../images/b2fe55021e0876a23013e814ae044b359a03f0c980d26b1c33e4f87777afc37c.png)  
> Image, AI/DL/NN lectures, practice guides courtesy of [Valerio Velardo- The Sound of AI](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZPFjMe1uRSirmSpznqvJfQ)

Throughout this process, I did a few small examples of simple neural networks, audio preperation for deep learning, etc. These can be found in the Neural Net and Deep Learning [Practice section](https://github.com/woodenikki/SynesthesIA/tree/main/practice). 

---

## Explain how you would have done it differently given another chance

The most problematic part of this project was finding a complete dataset; I ended up using 15 samples to represent each category, which was definitely not large enough. Using such a small sample size guarantees to have an overfit model. 

Because all of the data must come from one person, it can be time consuming and difficult to get the data in the first place. It is also difficult to guarantee an equal number of samples for each category. In this example, Pink songs were extremely rare, while Blue songs dominated the dataset. Because the AI did not work when categories were not equally represented, I had to throw out 54% of my data for the Color model. In order to get the most out of all the data collected, a great deal of time would need to be spent searching out songs of specific colors. In the case of the Color category, 289 songs would need to be found to equal out the dataset without throwing any songs away. 

My client gave me an estimation of two hours to find 20 songs of one color. She also mentioned that it would be likely that all songs would be of the same genre, since it is easy to find songs that sound similar to each other. Because I made it a priority of finding a range of genres, I would either have to sacrifice the even distribution of genres, the time spent to find new songs, or the number of samples for each category. 

If I were to do the project again, I would have spent more time looking for a more-complete database of songs to use. I found one with a few genres, but I ended up doing all the song searching and cutting myself, which ended up being the most tedious part of my project. This would have freed up time, which could have been used to even out the category samples. 

## How do these Results Relate to Synesthesia?
I was able to accurately replicate the synesthetic responses of my subject, and I believe that with more data and responses, my accuracy would be even better. I am comfortable claiming that Synesthesia can reliably be replicated artificially. Because of this, neuroscientists may be able to use AI to further their research of this fairly 'new' neurological condition. Although there are synesthetes willing to help further research on synesthesia, being able to reproduce mass amounts of data quickly may prove to be useful as scientists try to further understand this medical phenomenon. It could also help doctors find a more efficient way to diagnose Synesthesia from younger age, as most people do not realize they have it until adulthood.

## Conclusion

I would say that my over-all project was a success. I reached my primary accuracy goal of 50%, which is much better than randomly guessing for each category. 

|   | Randomly Guessing | My Model |
| --- | --- | --- | 
| **Color** | 9.09% | 50.32% |
| **Texture** | 14.29% | 58.25% | 
| **Luminosity** | 50.0% | 65.87% |


Especially given how little data I used to train the model, I'm extremely happy with these results. 

    I completed 100% of my primary goals (6/6).
    
    I completed 67% of my secondary goals (2/3).
    
    I completed 50% of my tertiary goals (2/4).

## Submissions

  - [x] Code Generated: [main.py](../src/__main__.py), [build_model.py](../src/build_model.py), [extract_data](../src/extract_data.py)
  - [x] Accuracy [Report](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zSFwNzc7aQ2I8wNxLzGFGn--V7_go92y/view?usp=sharing) and [Reflection](6.%20Accuracy%20Reflection.md)
  - [x] Neural Net and Deep Learning [practice in Python](https://github.com/woodenikki/SynesthesIA/tree/main/practice)
  - [x] Data and Responses [Excel sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HJfHXcbVR-pNbT7ZG6pJSjnzLiJLgVJDMIFB4BtXrLc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [x] Reflection(s) of [knowledge expansion](9.%20Project%20Evaluation.md#reflect-on-the-expansion-of-my-knowledge-and-comprehension-of-ai-deep-learning-and-neural-nets) and [ojbectives](9.%20Project%20Evaluation.md#objective-reflections)
  - [x] [Doucmentation](https://github.com/woodenikki/SynesthesIA/tree/main/Documentation) kept through process
  - [x] [Time report](8.%20Time%20Report.md)
  - [x] [Final Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1K_DkJ5v7R2aWCPY0kKZC4Zgahlbz9XpY1vBRZODq0hk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [x] [Literary review](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UWc7Ig1uaU3RLGmGximw67Pj6JJ1DHLD26NWGjQ-WpA/edit?usp=sharing) (Secondary)
  - [x] [Report for Publication](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HAAi3kjVazRF7sUtffZRCqyHexMCCmDy/view?usp=sharing) (Tertiary, DRAFT)

## References
- [Subject Synesthete: Guide and Explanation to the Inside of My Head](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L-aEVjcOL6bL0Th3yhh1tt27FycrrxFBiCsxGzAi7W4/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Capstone Project Expectations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13Mp3DABw9eqoL4gIi42bVtJYqQPWsr1azxqJp43JgAM/edit)
- [Valerio Velardo- The Sound of AI](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZPFjMe1uRSirmSpznqvJfQ)
- [Hassanat, Ahmad. (2014) Time Complexity of Multilayer Perceptron](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Ahmad-Hassanat)

Commit message:

fix links, add report to proj. eval

Documentation/9. Project Evaluation.md, after:

# Project Evaluation

## Background
Chromesthesia, also known as sound-to-color synesthesia, is a rare phenomenon in which an indivudal perceives non-visual stimulus visually. For example, they  may hear a song and see a specific color; they may observe someone's personality as specific scenery in their head; or they may recount their emotions visually, such as excitement being described as an electric blue.

## Project Description

Because synesthesia is not identical for every person, the goal of this project is to create an AI to learn and replicate the synesthetic responses of one young adult woman. 
This AI will be trained for three categories (luminosity, color, and texture). After being trained, the user should be able to input a 30 second song sample; 
the AI will analyze the sample and output a prediction for the client's synesthetic response.

> **Luminosity** refers to the brightness of the color and quantity of light. Some colors may appear muted, while others are bright and vibrant. This value will simply be recorded as either *Yes* or *No*.

> **Color** will be broken into 11 options: *Red*, *Orange*, *Yellow*, *Green*, *Blue*, *Purple*, *Pink*, *Black*, *White*, *Gray*, and *Brown*. 

> **Texture** also supports the overall impression of a color. Texture categories will be *Sparkly*, *Spiky*, *Woody*, *Smoky*, *Smooth*, *Soft*, and *None*.

---

## Objective Reflections
### Primary

| # | Objective | Reflection | 
| - | --------- | ---------- |
| 1. | Reflect on the goal of finding the expected outcome for each category with 50% accuracy. | Completed. Color, Texture, and Luminosity models successfully met the primary 50% accuracy goal. Refer to [**Accuracy Reflection**](6.%20Accuracy%20Reflection.md). |
| 2. | Application compiles each expected outcome and returns the ‘correct answer’ as one response (command line) | Completed. Application pulls it's prediction for each category and outputs it as one response. </br> ![picture 1](../images/bc5b8cd1b52a9184c55215820c28591a6c96bc8676816918de4ce9f30f1b3161.png)  |
| 3. | Minimum of 12 hours of research (Neural nets, similar AI projects, python application with AI, etc.) | Completed. Time spent on Research(ML/DL) was **07:44:57**. Time spent on Research(Synesthesia) was **07:28:50**. Refer to [**Time Report**](8.%20Time%20Report.md). |
| 4. | Find at least 15 samples for each category. | Completed. At least 15 responses were recorded for each color, texture, and luminosity category for a total of 305 songs. Refer to [**Data and Responses** excel sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HJfHXcbVR-pNbT7ZG6pJSjnzLiJLgVJDMIFB4BtXrLc/edit?usp=sharing). |
| 5. | Reflect on the expansion of my knowledge and comprehension of AI, Deep Learning, and Neural Nets. | Completed. Refer to [**Reflection of Knowledge Expansion**](#reflect-on-the-expansion-of-my-knowledge-and-comprehension-of-ai-deep-learning-and-neural-nets) |
| 6. | Keep detailed documentation throughout the process. | Completed. Refer to the [**Software Requirements Specifications**](5.%20Software%20Requirements%20Specification%20(SRS).md) and other [Documentation](https://github.com/woodenikki/SynesthesIA/tree/main/Documentation). |

### Secondary
| # | Objective | Reflection | 
| - | --------- | ---------- |
| 1. | Reflect on the goal of finding the expected outcome for each category with 70% accuracy. | Color, Texture, and Luminosity models did not meet the secondary 70% accuracy goal. The closest was Luminosity, with 65.87%|
| 2. | GUI to choose a song & get display result (color) | I did not create a GUI to upload songs and display the resulting Color response |
| 3. | Synesthesia literary review | Complete. Refer to my [**Synesthesia Literary Review**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UWc7Ig1uaU3RLGmGximw67Pj6JJ1DHLD26NWGjQ-WpA/edit?usp=sharing). |

### Tertiary
| # | Objective | Reflection | 
| - | --------- | ---------- |
| 1. | Reflect on the goal of finding the expected outcome for each category with 90% accuracy. | Color, Texture, and Luminosity models did not meet the tertiary 90% accuracy goal. | 
| 2. | Analysis of results and how they can relate to Synesthesia | Complete. Refer to [**How do these Results Relate to Synesthesia?**](#how-do-these-results-relate-to-synesthesia)| 
| 3. | GUI displays resulting color with luminosity and texture. | I did not create a GUI to upload songs and display the resulting Color + Texture + Luminosity response. |
| 4. | Publication of results | Complete, needs to be revised before submitting for publication. Refer to [**Report for Publication**](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HAAi3kjVazRF7sUtffZRCqyHexMCCmDy/view?usp=sharing) |

---

## Evaluate User Stories

| # | User Story Title | User Story Description | Status | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Show Prediction | As a user, I want to see know the Color, Luminosity, and Texture of the predicted synesthetic response | COMPLETE |  Response from the terminal in the form of a sentence: "Song is predicted to be Woody Orange with no luminosity." |
| 2 | Visual Prediction | As a user, I want to see a visual representation of what the AI has predicted | INCOMPLETE | (Secondary Goal) Did not generate an image.|
| 3 | Select a Song | As a user, I want to select a song to view the synesthetic response for | COMPLETE | User can determine synesthetic response by dragging the sample into the TESTING folder. |
| 4 | Upload a song | As a user, I want to be able to upload my own song sample to see the AI's prediction | COMPLETE | Has to be a 30 second sample. | 
| 5 | Sort by Color | As a user, I would like to sort the database of trained songs, so that I can look for similarities in the songs. | COMPLETE? | Trained songs can be sorted in excel to see the correlation between color, texture, genre, etc. |

---

## Customer satisfaction analysis

Based on my [client's feedback](7.%20Client%20Feedback%20Form.md), she was almost as excited with the results as I was. When I asked her about how she felt about how the AI did, she mentioned that even if it got a poor score on her test, she could logically see how and why the AI made the guesses it did. She also said that some of the test tracks were a little scratchy, which would facator into the AI's prediction. She also said that her own emotional response to the music (as well as her own likes and dislikes) contributed to her own visual, and this is something the AI couldn't do. 

The one thing she did note was that she would have liked to have a visual representation (an image, video, or gif) of what the AI predicted. This wasn't one of my primary goals, so it was put on the back burner after I had so many issues with the AI's accuracy. 

---

## Analysis of Algorithmic Complexity

The complexity of a multilayer perceptron (MLP) depends on the number of layers and the number of data input. The big-O time would be 
O(number_of_epochs * number_of_inputs * number_of_features * number_of_neurons). This has been approximated to be equal to O(2^n)


## Reflect on the Expansion of my Knowledge and Comprehension of AI, Deep Learning, and Neural Nets

Before working on this project, I had some basic understanding of AI. However, my understanding of machine learning, deep learning, and neural networks was pretty slim. I knew that if I wanted to accomplish the goal of this project, I would need to do quite a bit of research about what these three subjects were and how they are all connected. 

I didn't want to start coding without having a solid understanding of the tools I would be using. First, I learned that AI is the more broad topic of building agents to achieve a goal. Machine learning is a subset of AI, and deep learning is a subset of machine learning that uses deep neural networks. Next, I learned how to implement an artificial neuron from scratch in python.

I continued looking into the math behind neural networks-- specifically, how vector and matrix operations made them work. Then, I learned about the different layers of neural networks and the functions that they serve. Finally, I dug into how audio samples are analyzed and used in the scope of artificial intelligence. Understanding how audio data can be used in deep learning was integral to the success of my project, so I made sure to spend the time doing so. 

In order to prepare an audio file for deep learning, the MFCC (Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients) must be extracted. The MFCC captures textural and timbral aspects of sound (the feeling and quality of music you can decipher from using different instruments). Because of this, MFCCs allow artificial intelligence to imitate the human auditory system. First, a regular fourier transform breaks a complex sound wave into the sum of sine waves oscillating at different frequencies. A short time fourier transform (STFT) computes several fourier transforms at different time intervals. This means that an STFT can convert a sound wave into a spectogram (time + frequency + magnitude). A discrete cosine transform (DCT) is performed on the spectogram to give us the MFCC, which can be interpreted by the neural network for applications like speech recognition, music genre classification, instrument classification, and projects like this one.

![picture 1](../images/b2fe55021e0876a23013e814ae044b359a03f0c980d26b1c33e4f87777afc37c.png)  
> Image, AI/DL/NN lectures, practice guides courtesy of [Valerio Velardo- The Sound of AI](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZPFjMe1uRSirmSpznqvJfQ)

Throughout this process, I did a few small examples of simple neural networks, audio preperation for deep learning, etc. These can be found in the Neural Net and Deep Learning [Practice section](https://github.com/woodenikki/SynesthesIA/tree/main/practice). 

---

## Explain how you would have done it differently given another chance

The most problematic part of this project was finding a complete dataset; I ended up using 15 samples to represent each category, which was definitely not large enough. Using such a small sample size guarantees to have an overfit model. 

Because all of the data must come from one person, it can be time consuming and difficult to get the data in the first place. It is also difficult to guarantee an equal number of samples for each category. In this example, Pink songs were extremely rare, while Blue songs dominated the dataset. Because the AI did not work when categories were not equally represented, I had to throw out 54% of my data for the Color model. In order to get the most out of all the data collected, a great deal of time would need to be spent searching out songs of specific colors. In the case of the Color category, 289 songs would need to be found to equal out the dataset without throwing any songs away. 

My client gave me an estimation of two hours to find 20 songs of one color. She also mentioned that it would be likely that all songs would be of the same genre, since it is easy to find songs that sound similar to each other. Because I made it a priority of finding a range of genres, I would either have to sacrifice the even distribution of genres, the time spent to find new songs, or the number of samples for each category. 

If I were to do the project again, I would have spent more time looking for a more-complete database of songs to use. I found one with a few genres, but I ended up doing all the song searching and cutting myself, which ended up being the most tedious part of my project. This would have freed up time, which could have been used to even out the category samples. 

## How do these Results Relate to Synesthesia?
I was able to accurately replicate the synesthetic responses of my subject, and I believe that with more data and responses, my accuracy would be even better. I am comfortable claiming that Synesthesia can reliably be replicated artificially. Because of this, neuroscientists may be able to use AI to further their research of this fairly 'new' neurological condition. Although there are synesthetes willing to help further research on synesthesia, being able to reproduce mass amounts of data quickly may prove to be useful as scientists try to further understand this medical phenomenon. It could also help doctors find a more efficient way to diagnose Synesthesia from younger age, as most people do not realize they have it until adulthood.

## Conclusion

I would say that my over-all project was a success. I reached my primary accuracy goal of 50%, which is much better than randomly guessing for each category. 

|   | Randomly Guessing | My Model |
| --- | --- | --- | 
| **Color** | 9.09% | 50.32% |
| **Texture** | 14.29% | 58.25% | 
| **Luminosity** | 50.0% | 65.87% |


Especially given how little data I used to train the model, I'm extremely happy with these results. 

    I completed 100% of my primary goals (6/6).
    
    I completed 67% of my secondary goals (2/3).
    
    I completed 75% of my tertiary goals (3/4).

## Submissions

  - [x] Code Generated: [main.py](../src/__main__.py), [build_model.py](../src/build_model.py), [extract_data](../src/extract_data.py)
  - [x] Accuracy [Report](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zSFwNzc7aQ2I8wNxLzGFGn--V7_go92y/view?usp=sharing) and [Reflection](6.%20Accuracy%20Reflection.md)
  - [x] Neural Net and Deep Learning [practice in Python](https://github.com/woodenikki/SynesthesIA/tree/main/practice)
  - [x] Data and Responses [Excel sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1HJfHXcbVR-pNbT7ZG6pJSjnzLiJLgVJDMIFB4BtXrLc/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [x] Reflection(s) of [knowledge expansion](9.%20Project%20Evaluation.md#reflect-on-the-expansion-of-my-knowledge-and-comprehension-of-ai-deep-learning-and-neural-nets) and [ojbectives](9.%20Project%20Evaluation.md#objective-reflections)
  - [x] [Doucmentation](https://github.com/woodenikki/SynesthesIA/tree/main/Documentation) kept through process
  - [x] [Time report](8.%20Time%20Report.md)
  - [x] [Final Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1K_DkJ5v7R2aWCPY0kKZC4Zgahlbz9XpY1vBRZODq0hk/edit?usp=sharing)
  - [x] [Literary review](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UWc7Ig1uaU3RLGmGximw67Pj6JJ1DHLD26NWGjQ-WpA/edit?usp=sharing) (Secondary)
  - [x] [Report for Publication](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HAAi3kjVazRF7sUtffZRCqyHexMCCmDy/view?usp=sharing) (Tertiary, DRAFT)

## References
- [Subject Synesthete: Guide and Explanation to the Inside of My Head](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1L-aEVjcOL6bL0Th3yhh1tt27FycrrxFBiCsxGzAi7W4/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Capstone Project Expectations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13Mp3DABw9eqoL4gIi42bVtJYqQPWsr1azxqJp43JgAM/edit)
- [Valerio Velardo- The Sound of AI](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZPFjMe1uRSirmSpznqvJfQ)
- [Hassanat, Ahmad. (2014) Time Complexity of Multilayer Perceptron](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Ahmad-Hassanat)
